the lunar eclipse dragon that is what is
going through people's mind today as the
dragon returns for a limited time for
you to breed or buy in the game so let's
go over here and look for the lunar
eclipse dragon which is one of those
very special dragons um it is special
because it is one gigantic dragon
alright so here it is this is the lunar
eclipse dragon it's only available for a
limited time and it's available for um I
don't know how long maybe a month or two
I'm not really sure I might get I mean I
canna give exact dates but it's
available for a limited time this is the
dragon this is the egg now I should
already have a video there should
already be a video on the channel but
today we're gonna look at the unlocking
video so we know exactly how to get this
dragon officially from the combination
in here
alright so as you can see here is the
combination there the ghost dragon
there's a lunar eclipse dragon there's a
zombie dragon we're gonna take a look at
the lunar eclipse dragon as you can see
it says here you need to use the
elements of air cold and earth we're
gonna look at it here again it says air
cold an earth that means you can use any
combination that has air cold and earth
and have a chance at getting the dragon
let's just go over some of the
combinations in the market so you need
air cold in earth so let's filter out
earth so air so you could use the ghost
dragon and the air dragon to get have a
chance at getting uh these two lunar
eclipse dragon the glacier dragon and
the air dragon the dodo dragon and the
cold dragon
the mountain dragon in the air dragon
alright so and also the sandstorm dragon
and the cold dragon let's go over to the
cold section to see if we miss anything
that we already talked about glacier
dragon the Blizzard dragon earth dragon
we all where were you talked about that
the snow dragon the earth dragon that's
also another combination let's head on
over to the air section we already
talked about the dodo dragon we already
talked about the blizzard dragon we
already talked about the snow dragon we
already talked about the sandstorm
dragon all right so that's pretty much
it but you can probably find more
combinations but those are the best
combinations in the game you can try to
I guess look for another combination if
you want the breeding time is 48 hours
and then hatching times also 48 hours
anyways that is all that is how you get
the lunar eclipse dragon in the game